README.md, before:

# terraform-cloudflare-dns-caa

Create Cloudflare [DNS CAA records](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8659).

The Zone ID can be found on the Cloudflare overview page for the domain you
want to add records to.

## Usage

To create a root `example.com` CAA record saying [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org)
can issue hostname certificates and _no_ CA can
issue wildcards:

```hcl
module "example_com_caa" {
  source = "brainsik/dns-caa/cloudflare"

  zone_id   = "313372600deadcodebea5751993defc0"
  name      = "example.com"
  issue     = ["letsencrypt.org"]
  issuewild = [";"]
}
```

The same record, but with ACME CAA Account and Method Bindings:

```hcl
module "example_com_caa" {
  source = "brainsik/dns-caa/cloudflare"

  zone_id   = "313372600deadcodebea5751993defc0"
  name      = "example.com"
  issue     = ["letsencrypt.org; accounturi=https://acme-v02.api.letsencrypt.org/acme/acct/123456789; validationmethods=http-01"]
  issuewild = [";"]
}
```

To create a root `example.com` CAA record saying both [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org)
and [ZeroSSL](https://zerossl.com) can issue hostname certificates and _no_ CA can
issue wildcards:

```hcl
module "example_com_caa" {
  source = "brainsik/dns-caa/cloudflare"

  zone_id   = "313372600deadcodebea5751993defc0"
  name      = "example.com"
  issue     = ["letsencrypt.org", "sectigo.com"]
  issuewild = [";"]
}
```

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0 |
| <a name="requirement_cloudflare"></a> [cloudflare](#requirement\_cloudflare) | ~> 4 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_cloudflare"></a> [cloudflare](#provider\_cloudflare) | ~> 4 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [cloudflare_record.caa_iodef](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs/resources/record) | resource |
| [cloudflare_record.caa_issue](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs/resources/record) | resource |
| [cloudflare_record.caa_issuewild](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs/resources/record) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_iodef"></a> [iodef](#input\_iodef) | URL to send violation reports to | `set(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_issue"></a> [issue](#input\_issue) | Domain name of CA that can issue certificates for specific hostnames | `set(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_issuewild"></a> [issuewild](#input\_issuewild) | Domain name of CA that can issue wildcard certificates | `set(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | The name of the record | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_zone_id"></a> [zone\_id](#input\_zone\_id) | The Cloudflare DNS zone ID to add the record to | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

Migrate to Cloudflare provider v5 syntax

README.md, after:

# terraform-cloudflare-dns-caa

Create Cloudflare [DNS CAA records](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8659).

The Zone ID can be found on the Cloudflare overview page for the domain you
want to add records to.

## Cloudflare v4

The latest version of this module supports the Cloudflare v5 provider. In
order to use Cloudflare v4 (which changed the name of the resource used to
create DNS records), pin to v2 of this module:

```hcl
  source  = "brainsik/dns-caa/cloudflare"
  version = "~> 2"
```

## Usage

To create a root `example.com` CAA record saying [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org)
can issue hostname certificates and _no_ CA can
issue wildcards:

```hcl
module "example_com_caa" {
  source = "brainsik/dns-caa/cloudflare"

  zone_id   = "313372600deadcodebea5751993defc0"
  name      = "example.com"
  issue     = ["letsencrypt.org"]
  issuewild = [";"]
}
```

The same record, but with ACME CAA Account and Method Bindings:

```hcl
module "example_com_caa" {
  source = "brainsik/dns-caa/cloudflare"

  zone_id   = "313372600deadcodebea5751993defc0"
  name      = "example.com"
  issue     = ["letsencrypt.org; accounturi=https://acme-v02.api.letsencrypt.org/acme/acct/123456789; validationmethods=http-01"]
  issuewild = [";"]
}
```

To create a root `example.com` CAA record saying both [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org)
and [ZeroSSL](https://zerossl.com) can issue hostname certificates and _no_ CA can
issue wildcards:

```hcl
module "example_com_caa" {
  source = "brainsik/dns-caa/cloudflare"

  zone_id   = "313372600deadcodebea5751993defc0"
  name      = "example.com"
  issue     = ["letsencrypt.org", "sectigo.com"]
  issuewild = [";"]
}
```

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0 |
| <a name="requirement_cloudflare"></a> [cloudflare](#requirement\_cloudflare) | >= 5 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_cloudflare"></a> [cloudflare](#provider\_cloudflare) | >= 5 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [cloudflare_dns_record.caa_iodef](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs/resources/dns_record) | resource |
| [cloudflare_dns_record.caa_issue](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs/resources/dns_record) | resource |
| [cloudflare_dns_record.caa_issuewild](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs/resources/dns_record) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_iodef"></a> [iodef](#input\_iodef) | URL to send violation reports to | `set(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_issue"></a> [issue](#input\_issue) | Domain name of CA that can issue certificates for specific hostnames | `set(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_issuewild"></a> [issuewild](#input\_issuewild) | Domain name of CA that can issue wildcard certificates | `set(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | The name of the record | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_zone_id"></a> [zone\_id](#input\_zone\_id) | The Cloudflare DNS zone ID to add the record to | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
